and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the
children of Israel and say to them when
you have come into the land you are to
inhabit which I am given to you and you
make an offering by fire to the Lord a
burnt offering or a sacrifice to fulfill
a vow or as a free will offering or in
your appointed feasts to make a sweet
aroma to the Lord from the herd or the
flock then he who presents his offering
to the Lord shall bring a grain offering
of 1/10 of an ephah of fine flour mixed
with 1/4 of a hymn of oil and 1/4 of a
hint of wine as a drink offering you
shall prepare with the burnt offering or
the sacrifice for each lamb offer a ram
you shall prepare as a grain offering
two-tenths of an ephah of fine flour
mixed with one-third of a hint of oil
and as a drink offering you shall offer
one-third of a hint of wine as a sweet
aroma to the Lord and when you prepare a
young bull as a burnt offering or as a
sacrifice to fulfill a vow or as a peace
offering to the Lord then shall be
offered with the young bull a grain
offering of three tenths of an ephah of
fine flour mixed with half a human voice
and you shall bring us the drink
offering half a hint of wine as an
offering made by fire a sweet aroma to
the Lord thus it shall be done for each
young ball for each ram or for each lamb
or young goat according to the number
that you prepare so you shall do with
everyone according to their number all
who are native-born shall do these
things in this manner in presenting an
offering made by fire a sweet aroma to
the Lord and if a stranger dwells with
you or whoever is among you throughout
your generations and would present an
offering made by fire a sweet aroma to
the Lord just as you do so shall he do
one ordinance shall be for you of the
Assembly and for the stranger who dwells
with you
an ordinance forever throughout your
generations as you are so shall the
stranger be before the Lord one law and
one custom shall be for you and for the
stranger who dwells with you again the
Lord spoke to Moses speak to the
children of Israel and say to them
when you come into the land to which I
bring you then it will be when you eat
of the bread of the land that you shall
offer up a heave offering to the Lord
you shall offer up a cake of the first
of your ground meal as a heave offering
as a heave offering of the threshing
floor so shall you offer it up of the
first of your ground meal you shall give
to the Lord a heave offering throughout
your generations if you sin
unintentionally and do not observe all
these Commandments which the Lord has
spoken to Moses all that the Lord has
commanded you by the hand of Moses from
the day the Lord gave commandment and
onward throughout your generations then
it will be if it is unintentionally
committed without the knowledge of the
congregation that the whole congregation
shall offer one young bull as a burnt
offering as a sweet aroma to the Lord
with its grain offering and its drink
offering according to the ordinance and
one kid of the goats as a sin offering
so the priest shall make atonement for
the whole congregation of the children
of Israel and it shall be forgiven for
it was unintentional they shall bring
their offering an offering made by fire
to the Lord and their sin offering
before the Lord for their unintended sin
it shall be forgiven the whole
congregation of the children of Israel
and the stranger who dwells among them
because all the people did it
unintentionally and if a person sins
unintentionally then he shall bring a
female goat in its first year as a sin
offering
so the priest shall make a tournament
for the person who sins unintentionally
when he sins unintentionally before the
Lord to make atonement for him and it
shall be forgiven him you shall have one
law for him who sins unintentionally for
him who is native born among the
children of Israel and for the stranger
who dwells among me but the person who
does anything presumptuously whether he
is native born or a stranger that one
brings reproach on the Lord and he shall
be cut off from among his people because
he has despised the word of the Lord and
has broken his commandment that person
shall be completely cut off his guilt
shall be upon him now while the children
of Israel were in the wilderness they
found a man gathering sticks on the
Sabbath day and those who found him
clamoring sticks brought him to Moses
and Aaron and to all the congregation
they put him under guard because it had
not been explained what should be done
to him then the Lord said to Moses the
man must surely be put to death all the
congregation shall stone him with stones
outside the camp so as the LORD
commanded Moses all the congregation
brought him outside the camp and stoned
him with stones
and he died again the Lord spoke to
Moses speak to the children of Israel
tell them to make tassels on the corners
of their garments throughout their
generations and to put a blue thread in
the tassels of the corners and you shall
have the tassel that you may look upon
it and remember all the commandments of
the Lord and do them and that you may
not follow the harlotry to which your
own heart and your own eyes are inclined
and that you may remember and do all my
Commandments and be holy for your God I
am the Lord your God who brought you out
of the land of Egypt
to be your
I am the Lord your God